Added logo documentation (#8886)
department-of-veterans-affairs/va-mobile-app: VAMobile/documentation/design/Components/Alerts and progress/LoadingIndicator.md

## Examples

**Open in**: [Storybook](https://department-of-veterans-affairs.github.io/va-mobile-library/?path=/docs/loading-indicator)  |   [Figma](https://www.figma.com/design/Zzt8z60hCtdEzXx2GFWghH/%F0%9F%93%90-Component-Library---Design-System---VA-Mobile?node-id=4035-1007&t=nc28UCI1A10Cd4IH-4)

> <iframe width="620" height="200" alt="Image of component in Storybook" src="https://department-of-veterans-affairs.github.io/va-mobile-library/iframe.html?singleStory=true&id=loading-indicator--with-text&viewMode=story" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<iframe width="620" height="200" title="Component in Storybook" src="https://department-of-veterans-affairs.github.io/va-mobile-library/iframe.html?singleStory=true&id=loading-indicator--with-text&viewMode=story" allowfullscreen></iframe>
```
